# UNS-CV RIO GRANDE // 4.19.5016u
The Ebro-class light carrier saw modest use during the late Second Expansion Period, primarily as an escort carrier accompanying second-line naval units. The Third Committee’s reorganization of the navy has granted it a resurgence as a fast and flexible alternative to full-sized carriers such as the Amazon class. Though smaller than its siblings, the Ebro-class is nonetheless capable of fielding wings of fighters, bombers, or mounted chassis (mechs outfitted with special external packs containing additional power plants, thrusters, armor, and weapons for use in naval operations), and they serve as effective force-multipliers or patrol vessels, well able to handle themselves against pirates or hostile subline-equivalent Diasporan ships.

During long patrols, naval crews tend to spend much of their time in stasis (“downtime”), regularly rotating in and out of active duty shifts (“uptime”). While the Rio Grande maintains an orbit around **Cressidium**, however, the entire crew is currently active and both assisting with the logistics of transport to and from the planet's surface – carrying everything from trade goods and gifts to exchange groups of engineers and scientists – as well as maintaining a safe watch over the rest of the diplomatic mission. Fortunately, none of Cressidium’s major powers appear to present more than a limited naval threat thus far.

Without any immediate danger to confront, life aboard the Rio Grande largely revolves around maintenance, drills, training, briefings, and all the other assorted sundry duties that come with a posting aboard a naval vessel, not to mention recreational activities. Card games and board games (like chess and Kapkat) remain enduring naval traditions, along with watching omninet media, sparring practice, and competing to earn the top score on the pilot simulators.

As recently graduated pilots transferred aboard the Rio Grande during her last rearmament and resupply, your squad is but one of many Lancer teams assembled; you are, however, *the freshest* here, having only spent about two weeks of real-time shifts while getting settled. Still, the crew have been nothing but welcoming, and you've found yourselves invited into a half-dozen different shipboard cultures, enjoying the camaraderie of service. While the infantry under **Staff Seargeant Omari Garcia** may scoff at your *shiny frames* and *elite training*, and brag instead about how *they* do the heavy lifting, it's only ever in good fun over a round of drinks at the chow line. The Union Naval officers that follow behind the ever vigilant **1st Lieutenant Alex Kim** often find time to invite you for late night games of Kapkat, excusing it as practice to one day beat their leader, the *undisputed champion* of the card game as of now. Even **Rio**, the shipboard *THALASSA-class* naval NHP, checks up on you now and then, if only to gossip obsessively over a new omninet drama she'd *accidentally* seen on your search history...