# CADUS 01, Parabellum Sunrise  // 2.26.5017u
"You should have the drink too," the house staff trainer mentioned over her shoulder, as they flit past a myriad of penthouse suites at the hotel's peak. "*Ayyo!* The flavor, it is so nice. Sweet and tart, mangos and lots of slush. The synthetic alcohol we use just blossoms with the ice, it'll get you slammed in no time." The trainer passed a room, stopped, doubled back and flung open the door. "Yes yes, this room is speaking to me. It's saying things, it wants to express itself and that view!" 

**BAST** could barely keep up with the trainer's unnaturally speedy quick walk tour, but showed little relief at finally being allowed a break. Now, the trainer was at the terminal just inside the room; past a maintenance panel, the woman was interfacing with the intricate settings of the room, in a way that made even the ambient temperature shift on a dime. It felt like going through a wormhole, or maybe slipping through a blink gate wearing nothing at all. "This is... All a bit much. I can't say I'm surprised MSMC already had ears here, but did they really train you like this?"

"Haha! Yes, oh yes. It was more grueling for me. Nobody told me the elevators do *that*. I'm almost a little sad they told us to go light on you lot. Pfah! It was a lot more fun back when we could... Oh well."

"Rrrright. So, should I go get some sheets, or..?"

"Oh, did the client as for modernism? Neo-modernism?" The trainer pulled out her personal data pad, flicking through notes. "No no, they wanted the rustic one. Like a golden film, hah! Yes, I can do that... The sheets thing, it isn't relevant to us. Housekeeping, it isn't like that, like the omni-films paint us. No, we're not a bunch of dainty, pretty servants for the ultra-capitalists to fall for! Although, I am not saying no to a few footed bills and breakfast in one of *my* works of art!"

The trainer finished her interfacing and set the maintenance panel back in place. Shifting like a chameleon, the room melded and grew into its new camouflage; hardwood floors, rich emerald walls, and a golden bedframe. Even the outside deck expanded, turning to wood and accomodating a new jacuzzi. Then various service pipes opened from hidden stations, and the trainer helped **BAST** locate each of them and set out the relevant material: Water for the tub, sheets for the bed (laid haphazardly and crumpled), and a number of preordered clothing for the closet. "They said it so nicely in my orientation, but for the life of me, I can't remember the catchphrase they used. *We are part artists, part architects, part tour guides, and part perfectionists.* I would add, we are also, mostly, maintenance wearing prettier outfits. Oh, and we won't call the clients morons for not knowing how buttons work!"

**BAST** blinked. This was a lot to process. Had she... Had she chosen the right line of work? Being a LANCER was rewarding, but something was beginning to give. "So, what next?"

The trainer interfaced with the client-accessible terminal; two ornate glasses dispensed out on the deck, then filled with an amber and peach colored slush. "We test out the room!"

# CADUS O1, Underground BOD Compound // 2.30.5017u
**HERACLES** knew something was up when the crew he was tasked to didn't ask him to pay for the next round. They always, *always* found ways to subtly (and unsubtly) hint that he needed to chip in on the beer. He didn't mind; MSMC alcohol budgets were legendary in their bottomlessness, to the point where he just assumed alcohol was a free commodity for a while. While he didn't flash this info with the group he was undercover in, he'd made enough excuses for some good past payouts to explain why he could always pay up. The crew had been all for it, until today. When he asked why, there wasn't a reassuring response:

"Things have been good, real good. Turf war ain't never been an easier exchange lately." This didn't fill **HERACLES** with confidence. After all, who in this crew had been doing much for the war lately?

The others didn't have good answers either, just worried suspicions. **ORPHEUS** had been listening to comms chatter in between pirate radio broadcasts. "Little to no activity on the wires. Nobody starts shit, or ends shit. Rivalries are non-exsitant. Most talk is about the CCG. These guys, they've cleaned up the place. People are saying it's clear who's going to be in charge of the OUT soon."

**CADMUS** wouldn't let on much, but the BOD's equivalent of the brass was apparently more than happy to let the CCG get away with a lot. "The war isn't real to these guys. It's just words and numbers on a screen. They go to the worst hotspots and have brunch. It's all artificial. I can't be solid with it yet, but I have a creeping suspicion..."

That the turf war wasn't real. It was all a show. And the one guy on their team that got a role in it, he just pulled off some serious method acting. 